well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gown so today we're going to talk
about joseph Lowery now if there's any
justice in the world the media is going
to be talking about this too there was a
little coverage last night but not
enough in my opinion not for somebody
whose legacy is as big as his so we're
going to talk about him we're gonna talk
about what he did we're going to talk
about what the media is going to talk
about and then we're gonna talk about
what they're probably not gonna talk
about because what they're not going to
talk about probably contains the biggest
lesson the most valuable lesson for the
most people so he was a pastor and he
burst onto the scene during the
Montgomery bus boycott Rosa Parks that's
that's when he really came into his own
he was part of the Selma to Montgomery
March and if you're not familiar with
that it was a march from Selma to
Montgomery to speak with Governor George
Wallace of Alabama this march was to put
it nicely interrupted by Alabama state
troopers and by interrupted I mean it
became known as Bloody Sunday he went on
and this is a man who hung out with
Martin Luther King he helped build the
coalition of churches to became the
infrastructure the backbone of the civil
rights movement especially in the south
he spoke at President Obama's
inauguration kind of a cool book in
there I was part of a March that was
attacked going to speak to a man who
said segregation now segregation
tomorrow and segregation forever and
spoke at Obama's inauguration it's
pretty clear who won that fight this is
what the media is gonna talk about this
is what they're gonna mention this is
what they're going to say hey this is
why this guy's great this is why we
should
and all that's true yeah absolutely but
he wasn't the dean of blacks of whites
he was the Dean of American Civil Rights
because as if helping to end segregation
wasn't enough he didn't stop there he
kept going because of his actions in the
50s and 60s he had a lot of power people
knew him he had a lot of privilege
especially when it came to churches in
the south and he used that privilege to
help elevate other voices he spoke in
favor of civil unions and marriage for
people who couldn't get married but he
never tried to take the lead he never
tried to take over their movement he
knew that they would be able to speak
best for themselves so he drew attention
to it
but for the most part he just handed him
a megaphone help them get to where they
could speak about it he didn't want to
be the star in the room even though he
was a historical figure even when he was
alive he was a historical figure already
but he knew when it was time to take a
back seat and let others Drive and he
did it he provided the nation with a
shining example of what it means to be a
good Ally
now for all I know he did this for other
marginalized groups I just happen to
know about his work for gay rights
because I live in the south but for the
most part we shouldn't know about it
because he did it quietly he did it
behind the scenes he helped where he
could he helped elevate their voices so
he didn't become the focal point he made
sure that he was able to help them gain
the power themselves not
get rights under his auspices he
understood what it meant to be a good
Ally to help elevate others that's why
he's the mean of American civil rights
rather than just the Dean of blacks of
warming's now even with all the coverage
of the major topic today I would hope
that major media outlets provided a
little bit of a little bit of a memorial
form but just in case they don't there
you go that's who he was
the Where's Waldo of American civil
rights he's there pretty much everywhere
you just gotta look for him anyway
it's just a thought y'all try to have a
good day